"The great Master Nunkhima said of great master omniscient Nunkhima said the Path meditation
of the three Path Madhyamaka, the two accumulations, relaxing on the comfortable cushions, with
radial postures, take a ruffle, level up both each other, and then meditate. Meditating within
its own natures, not that which you already established. And we need to come to the meditation,
and again the same way as the Dzogchi teaching, relaxing in the natural state of the mind,
as well as relaxing in the natural state of the mind, and you are not going to hold anything,
just simply relaxing mind in the natural state of the mind, without expanding, without alerting
or changing things, and not going to concentrate or think of the external object, nor in the
mental image of things, resting in the natural state. When you are relaxing on the natural
state of that present state, which is then known as also free from the subject and the
optic notions of the duality, there is nothing to negate it, nothing to accept it, nothing
to do. It is just a relax, just a relax in that natural state. When you are relaxing in
that natural state, you are going to behold, behold self-awareness wisdom, self-awareness
wisdom, that which is not really, can't explain anything, just is being present in that. And
that's what the great master also, Chantideva said in his teaching, the Bodhicharyavatara.
When you relax on the natural status, there is nothing to see object, non-object, nothing
it is. It is totally, totally relaxed, free from all the conceptions, totally time to
follow it, free from state. That is the meditative state. When you meditate on this accumulation
of the madhyamakas. And then, in the post-meditation, then as you see, everything is magic, dream.
It is there, but it is not solitude. It is like dream status. It is all like dream. And
with that dream understanding, and then delegate the merits to all the dreamers, whatever the
that merit by practice, meditating on this whatever, that during that practice, delegate
that merit with your kind and complete thought for all beings of magic, beings. And in each
of those periods of time, this life is dream, this life is magic, and not grasping, not
clinging too much. Let it come, let it go. And then, with this attitude or with this
realization, and when you have regular times, do post-meditation, do satan humanas, do read
books, or read the satanas, or make the chachas, or do the song, those in the Tibetan, they
used to do water offerings, water offerings. And all the activities, the meditative activities,
don't ignore. Good activities that benefiting to others, or that activity reflecting of
your devotion and joy, don't ignore all that. And that is all known as the following, the
practicing of the part Madhimaka, and accumulating the true merits, merits, merits, and that
will bring the full realization of the absolute nature of the the ordinary nature of the Buddha,
or Buddha nature, that will discover, discover within the Dharma status. This then, when
you discover that nature, that is known as you are meeting the great Mother, the Mother
of all the Buddhas, that moment of all the enlightened beings, sorry, all the Mother
of all the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas of the enlightened beings of the three times, that
is what you met, that is what it is, what it is. You meet, meet, and so those, and with
this again, and then again in the false meditation, as I said, I mean here, as Kilma said, as
I said, everything is magic, everything dream, everything reflection, image is, is matter.
It's exactly what the Buddha used example. Those example is exactly the same thing, what
it is. This is also not separate the two truths. It's union of two truths, absolute, relative,
without any things. Within that status, all the path and the ground and the result are
concluded. And then that concluded and then you realize, you realize that. And that is
the, what the path of this Mademaka, or the practice of this Mademaka is. So that's the
magic. And so that's it.